1.	This proposal is based on the RFP documentation shared between parties to date. Additional information or needs may require changes to this proposal. 
2.	Travel is billed only when and if necessary. Synoptek will obtain client approval prior to billing such travel expenses.
3.	Synoptek will require administrative access permissions on all supported equipment, applications, and systems.
4.	The Transition Plan (for onboarding) is based on documented knowledge of the existing IT environment, processes, and organization. This plan will be validated and adjusted as necessary during the alignment and mobilization phases as outlined in the Synoptek methodology section.  
5.	Synoptek and the client may identify additional Projects or Services at any phase. Projects or Services will be formally discussed, and these Projects and Services will be scoped, priced, and proposed separately.  
6.	Synoptek will submit a Change Order to the client if material changes to the defined scope are identified. Synoptek will provide an update and align and document the reason(s) for any deviation from the anticipated timelines, services, or pricing.
7.	The client shall ensure that all its equipment and security processes and implementations are in good working order and conform to all applicable industry practice, standards, or requirements.  Synoptek assumes that the client has the necessary third-party support contracts in place for all critical hardware, software, and services.  The client will maintain all current or new third-party support contracts for its hardware and application support unless mutually agreed upon by both parties to cancel.
8.	The client is responsible for regulatory compliance or industry specific obligations.  Synoptek can provide guidance where applicable.
9.	All Synoptek services include Synoptek designated tools and licenses included in the Services pricing.  If the client has other third-party software or hardware managed by Synoptek, the client is responsible for licensing, circuit and telco costs, hardware/software support unless it is explicitly included in the Synoptek proposed pricing.  