Thank you for inviting Synoptek to submit a proposal in response to Aetion’s request for “Maximizing Efficiency” of its engineering capacity and building a strategic partnership. We appreciate the vision and thought that went into the strategy outlined in your Request for Proposal. We believe that with the right partner, Aetion can realize material results. However, there will be challenges and it will require a thoughtful partnership that first and foremost focuses on building out an integrated team with a “we” focus versus a “they” focus.  As the founder and CEO of Synoptek and a former principal software engineer, I have a deep appreciation for what it takes to build great engineering and development teams. We believe Synoptek is that strategic partner you are seeking.  Synoptek brings the following key differentiators:

1.	Healthcare Industry Experience - Deep healthcare and life-sciences industry experience resulting from over 70 Healthcare and Life Sciences industry customers.  
2.	Global Engineering Center of Excellence - Unique approach to building out global engineering and development teams (Geographically Distributed Engineering Center of Excellence) born out of 30 years of experience.
3.	High Caliber Teams - Relentless approach to building high-caliber productive teams. Our sophisticated talent management processes instill a sense of purpose and enable continuous development and team building, leading to high-performing teams that accelerate your results.
4.	Unique Business Model - Transparent cost model that aligns Aetion’s interests and Synoptek's interests to ensure mutual success. This ensures that both Aetion and Synoptek are highly motivated to find the best resources.

Synoptek’s deep industry experience stems from its extensive experience working with healthcare systems, providers, healthtech companies, third-party payers, and life-sciences companies. Synoptek identified the healthcare industry as an important industry early in its development and today has over 70 healthcare customers. Synoptek has been successfully providing engineering services, analytics services, and cloud services to this industry with demonstrated results.

Synoptek developed the Engineering Center of Excellence as a foundational pod structure for building out global engineering teams that operate as an extension of our customer’s engineering teams.  We have three approaches for doing this that have been effective in overcoming the typical pitfalls of building out global teams.

We take a people-centric approach to building High Caliber Teams. We recognize that highly productive teams, in addition to being healthy, educated, and present, must also have a purpose, clear direction, opportunity, and some degree of autonomy to be highly productive and deliver results for our customers. We do everything possible to encourage continuous wellness, growth, and individual development.

Synoptek’s transparent pricing model is designed to provide clarity on fee structures and align Aetion and Synoptek’s interests. This unique business model provides transparency to our cost structure and enables a fair level of profitability.

While the current RFP seeks a partner that can assist Aetion in building out teams that extend Aetion’s current engineering and development capacity in the areas of software engineering, business intelligence, data integration, and quality assurance, Synoptek has both additional capabilities and different ways of working with our customers that may provide additional future strategic partnership opportunities or cost savings.  As Aetion increasingly shifts its focus from a services company to a strategic platform/product company, it will increasingly seek to shift its customer experience to more of a digital customer experience from a high touch services experience. Synoptek’s customer experience team (Macquarium – A Synoptek Company) specializes in building out great digital experiences. As its customer base expands globally, Aetion will need to build out a professional services partner ecosystem. Synoptek has a robust professional services organization and advises customers on the use and implementation of specialized technology platforms. From an operations perspective, Aetion will find it necessary to build out repeatable, scalable, and cost-effective operational processes for customer service, IT operations, DevOps and Synoptek’s Managed Services options may enable Aetion to accelerate these capabilities.

Ultimately, Synoptek specifically will help Aetion realize its business objectives of scaling engineering capacity, focusing its internal teams on the most strategic work, reducing costs, and increasing productivity. We have a unique and differentiated approach and a business model that will align our interests to ensure success.  And, once we achieve success, there are more opportunities in the future. We are enthusiastic about partnering with the Aetion team to achieve these results together.

Sincerely,

Tim Britt
Chief Executive Officer
